In the last section, we have seen how the computer cache can speed up
programs by moving data from slow memory into fast memory,
and that will be needed by the CPU in the near future.
That's the basic idea of a cache.
In this section, we will take a look at the concept of virtual memory.
It's safe to say that a virtual memory makes it
possible to run your program on a variety of computers,
all with different amounts of memory and disk space,
without the need to change the thing in your code,
and virtual memory assigns a contiguous and well ordered block of memory to each program,
and takes care that other programs do not
interfere with the virtual memory of your program.
Let's take a look at how this works,
and what it means to us as programmers.